You'll notice the dates are messy and
lack uniformity, leading to inconsistency
across your data
Highlight the cells containing dates you
wish to format
Right click on your selection and a menu
will appear. Choose 'Format Cells'
A dialog box will pop up with various
formatting options. Here you can
customize fonts, styles, colors,
alignment, and more.
From the category list on the left,
select date.
You will see a variety of date formats
under the Type section. Scroll through
the options and select the date format
that best suits your needs. You can
choose from options that display the date
in full, abbreviate months, or even show
only the month and year.
For more specific needs, click on Custom.
Here you can manually enter a format
using the custom format codes.
Click OK to apply the changes. The
selected cells will now display dates in
the format you've chosen.